# Portfolio
# 8-3 this is an assigment that I made a logo. It is a boring logo that is nothing facy so it is earsaly merchendiseable. This uses 5 color total and 5 elements . There are no intricuit patterns. this is a great logo for a company that would use there logo in the physical world alot. 
# 9-2 This is a flowchart that determmines if a numbe is grater that 100. thsi goes throught three steps to solve this proble. Is the number grater than 10,50 , and 100. 
# 12-2 This includes two files Flower(1).txt and PythonOOP.png. Flower(1) is the actual code file version of PythonOOP.png whitch is a photo of the code. This code will print that the plant grows then blooms for each plant.
# 11-4 This is for EliannaFlowerclass.vsdx this is the classes of flowers this inclueds perennials and anuals and the third and lowest class is weeds. There is the dicistion to either pull or let grow for each plant. 
# 10-3 This is for the file Python.png this is a code and output determining wether a number is greatertan or less than 100. 
# 13-2 This for the file NetworkDesign.vsdx this is a netword design for an office buiding. There are two computers, a virtual computer attached to a wirless netork, The three cououter are attached to a router. the router is then attached to a bridge, wich is attached to a printer, and a server.
# 18-2 This is for the attached file SLSQuery.png this is a file demonstarting the code used to harvest data. the data that I chose to find was costomers from an unkown company. The data provided are the cosomersrs from Germany where the data is sorted by Postal code. This was all writen in the language SQL wich is good for data sorting and mining. 
